This file includes planned additions, improvements and changes.
The TODO file from the original Chad's Furniture is attached at the bottom.

* Biome Jars
Add more biomes.
Current ones: Forest, Hallow, Corruption, Crimson, Jungle.

* Giant Water Fountain
The water texture for this fountain doesn't match the style of other fountains
because of its dark outline.  The texture should be re-touched.

* Mirrors
Add one for each furniture type.
Current ones: Wood, Boreal Wood, Palm Wood, Rich Mahogany, Shade Wood, Ebonwood,
Pearlwood, Princess.

* Dressers
* Cabinets
Highlight is broken -- only the top is highlighted, and I have no idea why.
As a temporary workaround, highlighting for Dressers
and Cabinets is no longer separated into two sections
(the dresser, below, and the container, on the top).

* Items
The following item textures don't match the corresponding tile:
Bottle; all Mirrors; Mystic Bookcase; Mystic Bed; Mystic Clock;
Mystic Wall Clock; Princess Bed; Princess Bookcase; Princess Chair;
Princess Wall Clock; all Wardrobes. (This list might be outdated)

Aside from that, a lot of other item textures are just plain bad and/or don't
match the game's style very well.

* Miracle Lily Pads
Both placement and killing of the tile is very finicky.
The lily pad will get stuck in place (either underwater or hovering in the air)
if the water gets too high/low.  Some mechanism should be put in place so
the tile can physically change its position in that situation.

* Mannequin Head
Add hair-displaying capabilities as it had in the original mod.

* Paintable Sofa
* Paintable Armchair
Highlighting gets hidden under the wooden parts.

* Potted Plants
The potted plants are good candidates to join the
ranks of tiles affected by wind.  That would require
a system for drawing the pots themselves, as the
plants would overlap with them otherwise.
Further note: although the overlap itself would be minimal,
the drawing order situation will still produce undesirable
results, such as an object being drawn under the plants
but over the plant pots.

* Rabbit Hole
The rabbit hole should "display" a rabbit,
much like critter cages and the Birdhouses.

* Birdhouses
Birds will instantly appear on the birdhouses, and will never leave.
Animations of the birds flying to and from the birdhouses should
be put together.  This animation could show the bird going into/
coming from the horizon, to minize the need to draw an animation
far away from the birdhouse.

The coming and going of birds should also be tied to certain conditions
as opposed to being purely random like the rest of the animation frames.
These conditions could include: Only come in if the path isn't obstructed
by walls or solid tiles; fly away at night, or if the player gets too close.

The new birds added in 1.4.4 (Cockatiels, Macaws, Toucans) need birdhouses.

* Ornaments
Originally, the ornaments "blended" with any solid tile placed below them.

* Tilewands
Right clicking a Rubblemaker whilst the inventory is open will play
the wrong sound.  This is a TML limitation.
Tile wands do not play well with alternate tiles, specially when multiple
anchor types are involved.  A lot of undesirable workarounds have been
put in place to remedy the situation.
The tilewands could use some usability/UI improvements, such as:
- Type selection menu for the rubblemakers (like the bags)
- Re-use the same UI for choosing what to place instead of cycling.
  This would need a different keybind.

* Plants
A lot of plant styles are duplicates, originally intended to pad
the lines so they all had the same number of styles.  This is no
longer necessary and they should be trimmed down.

* Cabinets
* Wardrobes
Tile quick replacement is broken (likely tML issue).

* Original Chad's Furniture TODO list
Gardening Updates:
General Improvements:
        Make modded light sources toggleable
Additions:
        VODKA BOTTLE @ironysparkles
        Firefly in a bottle placable on surface @ironysparkles
        Wrought iron garden furniture @ironysparkles
        Sprinkler @ShadowTiger
        Marble planter box @Marney
        Bushes @Lunatic Lobbyist
                Clippers to shape bushes?
        Better Critter Houses @Marney
                Squirrel drey
                Duck larder
                Penguin igloo
                Giant butterfly jar
                Jungle terrarium
                Snail & worm terrarium
        Pet furniture @Marney
        Mailbox
        Buddleia
                Spawns butterflies
        Chicken coop
                Spawns some chickens when opened maybe
        Glass walls with water/clouds in the background @joffrecordan
        Coralstone wall & pillar @joffrecordan
        Chess set
        Butterfly collection
        
Electronics Update:
Additions:
        TV @Unclechidori
        
Home Updates:
Additions:
        More Mirrors @Kefke
        More Chimneys @Kefke
        Wine Cabinet @Kefke

;; Local Variables:
;; mode: outline
;; End:
